Document default behavior in routes. (#905)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/deployments/routes.mdx

Now uses routes to define the behavior of how a request is handled on the routing side. For example, you might use a route to rewrite a URL to another, redirect a user, or apply a header with the response to a request.

> By default the routing is handled like the filesystem of your deployment. If a user requests `/123.png`, if your deployment doesn't contain any routes with a valid `"src"` matching that path, it will fallback to the filesystem and serve `/123.png` if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, routing is defined by the filesystem of your deployment. For example, if a user makes a request to `/123.png`, and your [`now.json` file](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration/#routes) does not contain any routes with a valid `src` matching that path, it will fallback to the filesystem and serve `/123.png` if it exists.
```
